---
layout: post
title: "실무영어2 2주차"
categories: [Retrospective]
tags:
  - IP01072
last_modified_at: 2025-09-11
published: false
---

# terminology 

Reliability 신뢰도 
Validity 타당도 

## 어휘 빈칸 

1. A programmer writes _____ to create applications and programs.
(Hint: It refers to sets of instructions for computers.)
: code 

2. _____ ensures the physical components of a computer system, such as the
monitor and CPU, are functioning properly.
: hardware (malfunction v.)

3. Companies implement _____ measures to protect sensitive data from breaches
or unauthorized access.
: information security (take measures 조치를 취하다)

4. _____ involves organizing and analyzing raw information to make it useful.
: data processing 

5. Preparing information for storage or transmission is done through _____.
(Hint: It is often used to secure data.)
: encoding 

6. A company's _____ team helps users solve issues related to IT systems and tools.
: technical support 

7. The collection of raw facts, such as numbers or words, is referred to as _____.
: data

8. Applications like word processors and web browsers are examples of _____.
: software 

9. Regular evaluation of internet services and tools is called _____.
(Hint: It ensures the reliability of digital services.)
: online quality assurance 

# Reading 

be reponsible for = be in charge of = take responsibility of 
<br>
program growing.. 
three section : security, quality, processing 
data process : organizing data 
small task -> large one 
<br>
The quality assurance section is responsible for providing technical support and assistance to other members of staff. For example, advice on how to solve specific problems that are computer related. 
<br>
deal with = handle 
CFO(financial)
chief 
<br>

## exercise 3
A. encode 
B. hardware 
C. online 
D. data 
E. quality assurance 
F. data processing 
G. software 
H. technical support 
I. code 
J. information security 

# exercise 4